Fish fingering your custard.	DW
The hideousness that is Raxacoricofallapatorious.	DW
An Ood getting a starring role in a hentai.	DW
Christopher Eccleston.	DW
Matt Smith.	DW
A kid in a gas mask asking if you are his mummy.	DW
Siltheen farts.	DW
The big banana in your pocket.	DW
Taking a Doctor Poo.	DW
David Tennant.	DW
Opening the door of the TARDIS and leaving a deuce in the time-space continuum.	DW
Low-budget special effects.	DW
River Song.	DW
Dalek porn.	DW
Eggs.	DW
Finding Autons oddly attractive.	DW
THE END OF TIME ITSELF!	DW
Glenn Beck convulsively puking as a brood of Daleks swarm in on him.	DW
The fuck machine dungeon of the Cybermen.	DW
Fifty years of fanfic.	DW
Just now realizing Torchwood is an anagram of Doctor Who	DW
The Doctor going back in time to solve a REAL problem: Twilight.	DW
Wanting to punch that teeny-bopper Whovian that's butthurt the new Doctor isn't in his twenties.	DW
The Silence	DW
A Doctor Who body pillow.	DW
A Rusty Cyberman	DW
Drunkenly drawing tally marks on your face.	DW
The Doctor having a chance encounter with a couple of 80s metalheads.	DW
A shitty Doctor Who knock-knock joke.	DW
The Master, baiting the Doctor into a trap	DW
Davros getting up on the wrong side of the bed.	DW
Wishing you could regenerate.	DW
A Vashta Nerada that just wants a hug.	DW
The poor costume decisions that were the 1970s.	DW
Kidnapping a barely-legal woman to time travel with.	DW
Tom Baker, in nothing but a scarf	DW
Walking in on Jack Harkness doing your mom. And your dad.	DW
The buzzing noise the Sonic Screwdriver makes	DW
Sharing a public restroom with a Weeping Angel	DW
A bigger, bluer TARDIS.	DW
K-9 humping your leg.	DW
The Master singing Bad Case of Loving You.	DW
Rose Tyler's teeth.	DW
A GUITARDIS	DW
A fez caked with semen.	DW
Robot Anne Robinson.	DW
Steven Moffatt taking a big old dump in your Cheerios.	DW
Fapping to Billie Piper portraying a callgirl.	DW
Your dyslexic friend that wants you to come watch a marathon of Doctor How.	DW
Captain Jack Harkness.	DW
The Celestial Toymaker's plaything.	DW
A global simulcast that forces Whovians to see the sunlight for the first time in ages.	DW
A Costco-sized bag of Jelly Babies.	DW
Being used as a plot device by Steven Moffat.	DW
A furry writing BAD WOLF everywhere.	DW
Quitting this panel after one round because you are afraid of getting typecast.	DW
The Mary Jane Adventures.	DW
Sixteen feet of scarf bondage.	DW
Getting so much plastic surgery you have to be framed and moisturized.	DW
Smoking 1,000 cigarettes, just so you can sound like a Dalek when you talk.	DW
Slipping her the ol' plastic Mickey.	DW
Fondling a Dalek's slippery bits.	DW
Air from my lungs.	DW
A Sonic Screwdriver stuck on the vibrate setting.	DW
Pouting in a rain storm and having to take a wicked piss.	DW
Companion Porn.	DW
An acid rain shower on Skaro.	DW
Plot holes so wide you could drive a truck through them.	DW
A blinged out TARDIS blasting dubstep when it is traveling.	DW
The poor decision that is having a staring contest with a weeping angel.	DW
Sorry, this answer is only available in the fanfic version of Cards against Con.	DW
