Crazy opium eyes.	X4
10 Incredible Facts About the Anus.	X4
An interracial handshake.	X4
Moderate-to-severe joint pain.	X4
Finally finishing off the Indians.	X4
Sugar madness.	X4
Actual mutants with medical conditions and no superpowers.	X4
The secret formula for ultimate female satisfaction.	X4
The complex geopolitical quagmire that is the Middle East.	X4
Fucking a corpse back to life.	X4
Neil Diamond's Greatest Hits.	X4
Calculating every mannerism so as not to suggest homosexuality.	X4
Whatever a McRib® is made of.	X4
No clothes on, penis in vagina.	X4
All the single ladies.	X4
Whispering all sexy.	X4
How awesome I am.	X4
Ass to mouth.	X4
Smoking crack, for instance.	X4
Falling into the toilet.	X4
A dance move that's just sex.	X4
The size of my penis.	X4
Some sort of Asian.	X4
A hopeless amount of spiders.	X4
Party Mexicans.	X4
Drinking responsibly.	X4
The safe word.	X4
Angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night.	X4
Bouncing up and down.	X4
Jizz.	X4
Ambiguous sarcasm.	X4
A shiny rock that proves I love you.	X4
Dem titties.	X4
My worthless son.	X4
Exploding pigeons.	X4
A Ugandan warlord.	X4
My sex dungeon.	X4
A kiss on the lips.	X4
Child Protective Services.	X4
A Native American who solves crimes by going into the spirit world.	X4
Doo-doo.	X4
The peaceful and nonthreatening rise of China.	X4
Sports.	X4
A fart.	X4
Unquestioning obedience.	X4
Three consecutive seconds of happiness.	X4
Grammar nazis who are also regular Nazis.	X4
Snorting coke off a clown's boner.	X4
Africa.	X4
Depression.	X4
A horse with no legs.	X4
The euphoric rush of strangling a drifter.	X4
Khakis.	X4
Interspecies marriage.	X4
A gender identity that can only be conveyed through slam poetry.	X4
Almost giving money to a homeless person.	X4
Stuff a child's face with Fun Dip® until he starts having fun.	X4
What Jesus would do.	X4
A for-real lizard that spits blood from its eyes.	X4
Blackula.	X4
The tiniest shred of evidence that God is real.	X4
My dad's dumb fucking face.	X4
Prince Ali, / fabulous he, / Ali Ababwa.	X4
A manhole.	X4
A sex goblin with a carnival penis.	X4
A bunch of idiots playing a card game instead of interacting like normal humans.	X4
A sex comet from Neptune that plunges the Earth into eternal sexiness.	X4
Sharks with legs.	X4
Injecting speed into one arm and horse tranquilizer into the other.	X4
Lots and lots of abortions.	X4
