All my friends dying.	X3
Shutting the fuck up.	X3
An ass disaster.	X3
Some kind of bird-man.	X3
The entire Internet.	X3
Going around punching people.	X3
A boo-boo.	X3
Indescribable loneliness.	X3
Having sex on top of a pizza.	X3
Chugging a lava lamp.	X3
Warm, velvety muppet sex.	X3
Running naked through a mall, pissing and shitting everywhere.	X3
Nothing.	X3
Samuel L. Jackson.	X3
Self-flagellation.	X3
The systematic destruction of an entire people and their way of life.	X3
The Quesadilla Explosion Salad™ from Chili's®.	X3
Reverse cowgirl.	X3
Vietnam flashbacks.	X3
Actually getting shot, for real.	X3
Not having sex.	X3
Cock.	X3
Dying alone and in pain.	X3
A cop who is also a dog.	X3
The way white people is.	X3
Gay aliens.	X3
The primal, ball-slapping sex your parents are having right now.	X3
A cat video so cute that your eyes roll back and your spine slides out of your anus.	X3
A lamprey swimming up the toilet and latching onto your taint.	X3
Slapping a racist old lady.	X3
A black male in his early 20s, last seen wearing a hoodie.	X3
Jumping out at people.	X3
Three months in the hole.	X3
Blood farts.	X3
The Land of Chocolate.	X3
A botched circumcision.	X3
My manservant, Claude.	X3
Vomiting mid-blowjob.	X3
Letting everyone down.	X3
Having shotguns for legs.	X3
Bill Clinton, naked on a bearskin rug with a saxophone.	X3
Mufasa's death scene.	X3
The Harlem Globetrotters.	X3
Demonic possession.	X3
Fisting.	X3
The thin veneer of situational causality that underlies porn.	X3
Girls that always be textin'.	X3
Blowing some dudes in an alley.	X3
A spontaneous conga line.	X3
A vagina that leads to another dimension.	X3
Disco fever.	X3
Getting your dick stuck in a Chinese finger trap with another dick.	X3
Drinking ten 5-hour ENERGYs® to get fifty continuous hours of energy.	X3
Sneezing, farting, and coming at the same time.	X3
Some douche with an acoustic guitar.	X3
Spending lots of money.	X3
Putting an entire peanut butter and jelly sandwich into the VCR.	X3
An unstoppable wave of fire ants.	X3
A greased-up Matthew McConaughey.	X3
Flying robots that kill people.	X3
Unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks.	X3
Crying into the pages of Sylvia Plath.	X3
The moist, demanding chasm of his mouth.	X3
Filling every orifice with butterscotch pudding.	X3
An all-midget production of Shakespeare's Richard III.	X3
Screaming like a maniac.	X3
Not contributing to society in any meaningful way.	X3
A pile of squirming bodies.	X3
Buying the right pants to be cool.	X3
Roland the Farter, flatulist to the king.	X3
That ass.	X3
A surprising amount of hair.	X3
Eating Tom Selleck's mustache to gain his powers.	X3
Velcro™.	X3
A PowerPoint presentation.	X3
