I have a better place to shove your channel.
Whatever this ficus nonsense means.
Wherever the ficus meme came from.
Eating an entire bowl of cum lube.
STRAWBERRY SCENTED SHAMPOO!
Niichan's oversensitivity.
fkn wreking someone.
Fishbot's "sufficing."
Rylee's shaved legs.
YOU WILL EXPERIENCE ASSPAIN BEYOND BELIEF.
A futile autistic hate campaign against various IRC daemons.
THIS IS A GAME ABOUT OFFENDING PEOPLE!
Putting complaints against Interlinked administration into the dustbin.
Nimrod's botched eyebrow waxing.
REAL TALK!
Whatever the "some" that Bensawsome saw.
Wherever the fuck ente came from.
aji's newest "best gif ever."
Being verbed by madeline.
somasonic's nonsensical attempts to get Penetration to move #freelove.
Funk metal.
Wherever all the bots in Sporks came from.
Using British spellings when you're a native-born American.
Using American spellings when you're a native-born Brit.
Tarring and feathering a user because of hearsay.
BANNED!
GET REKT
Using Stan in an appeal to authority logical fallacy.
Botched gender reassignment surgery.
Faking gender identity disorder to get attention from Missingno.
Rylee's naked pre-op body.
Diablo-D3's obsession with ZZZZZ tits
Using so many drugs you believe that you're omnipotent.
Not being a dick.
Not doing anything illegal.
Being unable to follow Interlinked's stupidly simple rules.
Slowly and inexorably being stripped of all remaining dignity.
Quitting Interlinked as a form of seppuku to preserve your honour.
Microscopic shit flakes.
aji whining about being single.
Topic vandalism.
somasonic's latest horrible thing to "happen" to him (dead, bleeding, etc...).
Putting things in "quotes" for "no" reason.
Luke Chandler's "protection" of Interlinked.
Having "good fun" all night.
Chugging 20 Red Bull whilst wasted to sober up.
Taking out Interlinked's hub.
The "good ol' days" of Interlinked.
The SporksIRC/SporksNet days.
The dispute over whether it was called SporksIRC or SporksNet.
The SporksNet/WooMoo merger.
Sporks going moo.
WooMoo's horrible website, made by Joree.
Getting insurance to cover a prostitute.
Paying for your drugs using Interlinked's limited cash reserves.
Madeline's month-long benzodiazepine addiction.
somasonic's continuing drug habits.
Interlinked having to settle for corn starch and fat sluts because we can't afford hookers and blow.
The mere concept of Interlinked, plc. (a personal limited company incorporated in England and Wales).
Blowing gigantic bubbles to irritate the autistic users.
Putting sand all over Vorpal's compound to make a sandcastle.
Bensawsome's car stereo system.
PlauSocks's dirty socks.
PlauSocks's freshly-sharpened plau.
Stealing a cokehead's nose.
Actually taking someone's nose, not as a trick.
Making a meth head dig a hole for no reason.
Using Sudafed® 24-hour 96-count to make meth.
Mismagius's latest celebrity impersonation.
Jailbreaking/rooting your phone so you can tether without paying for the sole purpose of connecting to Interlinked.
Ragequitting because Missingno thinks your OS is dumb.
Realising your own tulpa is laughing at you, not with you.
Making fun of mongs.
Mongs.
Doing things without asking first because everyone respects you too much to say no.
Missingno: Interlinked's Malevolent Dictator For Life (MDFL).
Using autism to your advantage in an argument.
awilfox using the "No True Scotsman" fallacy to hide his heritage.
Using the argument ad baculum fallacy in Interlinked disputes.
aji's overeagerness to love everyone.
The creepiness of madeline's come-ons.
awilfox's tranny chasing.
Missingno's leftover post-op testes in a jar.
AppleDash's raging homosexuality.
Running into Sporks naked with a raging boner.
Getting painfully gang-banged by the Sporks operators.
lstarnes's emotions (or lack thereof).
Using the lack of autistic empathy to justify horrific atrocities.
MidnightCommando's despicable racism.
MidnightCommando's support for the Nazi's.
MidnightCommando's reprehensible political views.
Destroying what little is left of Missingno's dignity.
White people are fucked up.
The Ron Paul Revolution is not now.
Not knowing that Ron Paul is actually a far-right lunatic who hates the poor.
Believing Ron Paul actually gives a shit about poor people.
An illogical belief in the curative powers of the free market.
Believing the free market is the solution to society's ills.
The Free Market Pixie Faerie.
Argument ad sporkulum.
Ron Paul's views on "brown people."
Emphasising the Hussein in Barack HUSSEIN Obama.
The way Sporks treats Texans.
Beating a dead horse then having sex with it.
The sheer number of necrophiles in Sporks.
The unfathomable power of dongs.
Missingno's tunafish vagina smell.
awilfox's habit of eating Missingno's poop.
PlauSocks turning into a bulldozer and running over everyone.
Having your Minecraft house "redeveloped" to make room for Vorpal's giant glowstone tower.
Made in Sporkstown.
The disaster formerly known as Aurum City.
Something with awilfox's penis.
a_meteor's crash landings.
WHO FUCKING OPPED THIS SHITCOCK?
Missingno's newest nickname.
Sporks' total disregard for even the most basic of human decency.
Making sure nothing is sacred.
Harassing a user because you think they're a poopy pants.
Adding people you don't like to iptables.
Feces Puffs (penis butter caca flavour)!
Anal leeking.
Ano-recto relations.
Fingering a fistula.
Putting your dick into a fistula because you find it hot.
Drinking urine as a tasty beverage.
Autocorrect making your sexting awkward.
Using autocorrect as an excuse to say leud things.
Lyude not shutting up about AnthroCon.
Lyude going on about anal sex.
Taking it up the butt from Lyude.
Being the only straight person left.
Feeling like you're the only one left who isn't a tranny.
Using a rainbow script as an outlet for your homosexuality.
USING ALL CAPS BECAUSE YOU FEEL LIKE YOU'RE THE REINCARNATION OF BILLY MAYS!
The soul-crushing experience of being a NEET in Sporks.
Interlinked: Destroying your dreams of working in the tech industry.
Yet another rant from Missingno about how she got out of tech, as she writes some Ruby.
Oklahoma: America's meth basket.
Not even giving one iota of a fuck about the problems of the people on Interlinked.
Pointless discussions about socialism.
Everyone agreeing on gun control but not having any power to change policy.
What canthus13 did to a PDP-11 in the dark.
Threatening to kill yourself in front of Sporks.
Emotionally hollow and meaningless pleas not to kill yourself.
Pretending to give a fuck about the mentally ill.
Trying not to look like an arse.
Getting butthurt by Missingno's trolling.
Sporks-brand disposable sterile surgical dongs.
PALEO DIET
