Mewtwo.	AN
Going on a diet for the sole reason of being able to fit in a fursuit.	RPF
Waiting over a year for someone to finish your art commission.	RPF
Paying $3,500 for an oversized novelty fursuiter badge.	RPF
2, the Ranting Gryphon.	RPF
Being facesat by someone who is holding in a fart.	RPF
Licking Cinnabon icing off of your partner's dick.	RPF
A used sock collection.	RPF
A small creature being stuffed in a smelly boot.	RPF
Anthrocon.	RPF
Furries on the Tyra Banks show.	RPF
Midna and Wolf Link.	RPF
Uncle Kage.	RPF
The furries.	RPF
The 52 oz. "Fizzinator" from Sheetz.	RPF
A lifetime supply of Olive Garden breadsticks.	RPF
A chinese buffet where everything is wrapped in bacon.	RPF
The Baconator.	RPF
Mewtwo's reveal as a playable character in the next Super Smash Bros. title.	RPF
BLORF.	RPF
Plush animals that come to life long enough to drink all your rum.	RPF
Giovanni's head being suplexed through a floor.	RPF
Paying $1,475 for a bath sponge.	RPF
Petty people.	RPF
Colby 2012.	RPF
CryptoLocker.	RPF
Chance Time.	RPF
Looking up where someone lives because they posted something you didn't like on the internet.	RPF
Being stalked by a paranoid schizophrenic on Reddit.	RPF
Tourneyfags who turn off all items when playing Super Smash Bros.	RPF
Ray Sipe singing about how /v/ doesn't like video games.	RPF
Role reversal.	RPF
Lesbrarians.	RPF
A stripper so ugly people throw nickels at her.	RPF
A fat Russian Blue that pees on the carpet.	RPF
Horny, stupid livestock.	RPF
Bending a Lucario over and using its dreadlocks as fuckhandles.	RPF
Poking cats.	RPF
Using a save state in a video game so you can fap to it later.	RPF
Tickling someone until they almost piss themself.	RPF
Getting fucked by the Red Robin.	RPF
Having every embarrassing kink of yours indulged at one time for a "shamegasm."	RPF
A Bad Dragon dildo.	RPF
Being tied up and having a musky foot stuffed in your mouth.	RPF
Trees made out of living tentacles.	RPF
Being pinned to the wall and fucked in a shower.	RPF
Stayin' Alive.	RPF
The Sexflesh Venereal Vinnie Suction Cup Diseased Dildo.	RPF
That barrel in Carnival Night Zone at the supposed "dead end".	RPF
Whitney's Miltank.	RPF
Gambling on a fart and losing.	RPF
A woman with a double-wide stroller about to mow you down.	RPF
A cat trying to stick its nose up your asshole.	RPF
A Fleshlight full of thumb tacks.	RPF
Vodka spiked with GHB.	RPF
Chopping up someone's parents and putting them into chili.	RPF
Getting banned from Dave & Buster's.	RPF
Finding out your internet stalker's doing 10-30 in federal prison.	RPF
Umbreon.	RPF
Masturbating at work.	RPF
Rick Astley.	RPF
Poor quality ParkerSteel.	RPF
